delete pymupdf from `default_module_mapping.py` (#21516)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/notes/2.24.x.md

#### Python

User API Change:

> - Update default mapping on `pymupdf`, accepting both `fitz` and `pymupdf` respecfully. Currently `pymudpdf` documentation stated that [`import fitz` is no longer valid](https://pymupdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html#problems-after-installation) Fixing [#21517]( https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/issues/21517) ([#21516] https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/pull/21516).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update default package mapping for `pymupdf` to match imports from both `fitz` (the legacy name) and `pymupdf` (the [currently supported name](https://pymupdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html#problems-after-installation).
```

Reviewer: Just making this more succinct.
